:aside: :(Boyfriend is walking around nearby a abandoned stage, after fulfilling a mission sent out by his boss, Daddy Dearest.)
:bf:calling:Sweet, I finally finished this mission. Hopefully I can ask him for a break from anymore missions.
:aside: :(Boyfriend hears voices coming from inside the abandoned stage, with one of the voices belonging to someone he recognized- his boss.)
:bf:serious:Huh? I don't recall him telling me to meet up here. And who's the other person he's talking to?
:aside: :(Boyfriend gets closer to where the voices emits, eavesdropping to the conversation of his boss with what seems to be a girl.)
:aside: :(Girlfriend bickers with Daddy Dearest, her father who runs a business of assasinating people, wanting to be a part of it.)
:aside: :(Girlfriend looking desperate.)
:gf:cry:Dad, come on. I just want to help out with the business! At least let me help a little bit!
:aside: :(Daddy Dearest being adamant on his stance and stressed out.)
:dad:angry:I've told you multiple times, but a no is a no. What about your singing career? You've been doing so well, sweetie.
:dad:well2:How about you just focus on that and let daddy do the work?
:gf:cry:How hard could it be, dad? I can-
:aside: :(Daddy Dearest yells at his daughter.)
:dad:angry2:Like I said, no! You don’t have slightest idea of what I do, and I will make sure it stays that way!
:gf:cry2:...
:dad:sigh2:-heavy sigh-
:dad:well2:Look, I'm sorry I yelled at you, but let's just forget this talk ever happened.
:dad:well2:My decision is still final. I have business to attend to, so please, focus on your current career, sweetheart. It's for the greater good.
:aside: :(Daddy Dearest left the premise of the abandoned stage, leaving his daughter.)
:gf:cry4:-sniffles-
:aside: :(Girlfriend holds back her tears, alone on the abandoned stage.)
:bf:concerned:...
:aside: :(Boyfriend then pops out, feeling sympathetic.)
:bf:thinking:He's not wrong y'know? The job is way tougher than it looks. 
:bf:concerned:Wasting a perfectly good career on this isn't worth it at all, considering you're probably good at it.
:bf:concerned:Plus it's more fun.
:aside: :(Girlfriend looks over to Boyfriend, mildly confused of what he was talking about.)
:gf:cry3:You're one of his employees?
:bf:awkward:Yeah, well, you could say that-
:aside: :(Girlfriend cuts off Boyfriend.)
:gf:cry:Help me! Convince my dad that I can help out!
:aside: :(Boyfriend looks away, hoping to not be a part of the issue.)
:bf:concerned:No way. You could get yourself hurt-
:gf:angry:What do you mean by hurt? I'm NINETEEN- old enough to handle myself and it's just about handling musicians like me! I'm not a kid anymore!
:gf:angry:And you know what?
:aside: :(Girlfriend briefly pauses, transforming to her demonic form, revealing her true self to Boyfriend due to her getting upset.)
:gf:demon:I am capable enough to protect myself anyways.
:aside: :(Boyfriend looking partially flustered, possibly scared and surprised by Girlfriend's intimidation.)
:bf:afraid:Y-you're... a demon?
:aside: :(Boyfriend then looks away, getting a grip of the situation and considering the pros and cons of helping her out.)
:bf:concerned:...
:bf:relieved:Alright. Fine. I'll help you out.
:bf:relieved:But only because you're my boss' daughter.
:bf:thinking:(And also because I would not like to get on my boss' daughter's bad side. Especially if they're a demon.)
:aside: :(Girlfriend instantly turns back to her normal form, looking happy.)
:gf:excited:Really?!
:bf:normal:But I won't be doing this for free.
:gf:excited:Anything!
:bf:happy:While I teach you how to shoot, how about you teach me how to sing?
:aside: :(Girlfriend steps back, looking slightly puzzled.)
:gf:awkward:Huh?
:aside: :(Boyfriend scratches the back of his head, blushing over his ridiculous condition of the deal.)
:bf:shy2:I- I just really liked singing and music back then, alright? Plus, you are a singer, so you should be pretty good at it, right?
:bf:relieved:I don't see any reason of using you in any other ways.
:gf:normal:Alright then. I don't know why I would need to learn to shoot for this, but it sounds fun! I could use some new experience anyways.
:aside: :(Girlfriend who was slightly taken back by his conditions, smiled.)
:gf:normal:Now...
:gf:happy:Sing after me!
:bf:awkward:W-wait, right now?